Plank:
This is the first position were going to practice for the sun salutation. we will start with the calibration:  stand in profile position, put your left hand straight in shoulder height, knees and back are also straight. 
(after finishing calibration)calibration  set
for the position: slowly bend you back forward and put your palms on the floor slightly wider than your shoulders distance apart, the index finger turns to face forward. send your legs backwards and  we want the back and elbows to be straight, the head to continue the back and the shoulders to be on top of the wrist.

corrections:
1)angle of wrist, elbow, shoulder is far from 180degree-> comment "straight your elbow"
2)shoulders mat is not close to be perpendicular to the line created between the shoulder to the wrist-> comment "lean forward with your upper body"


Chaturanga:
This is the second position were going to practice for the sun salutation. we will start with the calibration:  stand in profile position, put your left hand straight in shoulder height, knees and back are also straight. 
(after finishing calibration)calibration  set
for the position: from the plank position explained earlier in the program, bend your elbows close to the torso until it reaches 90 degrees. this is a challenging position try to stay static before you move on to the next position.
 
corrections:
1) angle of wrist, elbow, shoulder is far from 90degree-> comment "bend the elbow slightly more" (not sure if to make a distinction, because usually they will be too high/on the ground)
2) the angle between the shoulders, butt and heel are REALLY far from ~160degree -> comment "lower your buttocks"


Upward facing dog:
This is the third position were going to practice for the sun salutation. we will start with the calibration:  stand in profile position, put your left hand straight in shoulder height, knees and back are also straight. 
(after finishing calibration)calibration  set
for the position: from the chaturanga position explained earlier in the program, put the toes flat on the ground, straight your elbows and push your torso upwards. lift your knees of the floor and hold the position. if its too hard, move the hands slightly further away from the body, on the same line
 
corrections:
1) angle of wrist, elbow, shoulder is far from 180degree-> comment "straight your elbow"
2) distance from knees to the mat should be bigger than 0, if its not -> comment "lift your knees from the floor"
3) shoulders mat is not close to be perpendicular to the line created between the shoulder to the wrist-> comment "lean forward with your upper body"


Downer facing dog:
This is the fourth and last position were going to practice for the sun salutation. we will start with the calibration:  stand in profile position, put your left hand straight in shoulder height, knees and back are also straight. 
(after finishing calibration)calibration  set
for the position: from the Upward facing dog position explained earlier in the program, tack your toes then push your buttocks towards the ceiling, while your legs, back and hands are straight. make sure your fingers are spread on the ground, and your body is creating a triangular shape. if you can, put your heels on the ground.
 
corrections:
1) angle between wrist, elbow, shoulder is far from 180degree-> comment "straight your elbow"
2) angle between heel, knee and buttocks is far from 180degree-> comment "straight your "
2) the angle between the butt, shoulders and wrist are far from ~170degree -> comment "straighten your back by tryin to push the floor"

